When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

Answer: I think in situations where you have to work from a shared computer at a business or client site, where you don't want to keep a local copy, is one example of using the remove repository directly.  Another situation might be when you are working with a team and for some reason its important to have commits immediately show up so the other team members can see it.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Answer: When you are working on a public repository, and especially working with a team, in some siutations you may not want to pull down changes other people have committed automatically while you are working on testing or adding new features to a certain version of code.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you use one instead of another?

Answer: Forks are clones of repositories on the actual Git Hub server.  A fork gives you a new copy independant of the original , so any changes committed will occur in your Fork and not the original repository.  Clones are a copy of a repository on Git Hub down to your local computer.  They still point to the original repository, so changes will be committed agagainst the cloned repository.  Branches are a tree off of an existing repository.  They allow you to make changes to the repository on a branch and commit them without affecting the original master branch. At a later point, the branch and its changes can be merged back into the master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Answer: I think having the lastest copy of a remote repository locally is always a good idea to keep up with changes other developers have made.  Especially when those changes directly affect a program or code that you are also modifying.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Answer: If I was not using GitHub, I would probably collaborate with other developers using one of the legacy source control tools, such as SVN or CVS.  That would be more difficult because those tools require setting up your own server, plus each member of the team would have to be given access.  In addition, the server would have to be hosted somehow so it could be accessed over the internet, or via a VPN.  GitHub seems easier because it provides a Git server to host the repositories AND also handles the accounts and has tools for directly commenting on the code from the GitHub website. Its pretty easy to create a GitHub account and install Git locally and then anyone on the team could start collaborating. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Answer: A good reason to make changes in a branch, rather than directly in master might be in a situation where you are working on adding a new, experimental feature to a large software product, while there are a lot of other changes, such as production support fixes, being committed to master.  That way you can add your changes to a branch and test them without affecting the prod support changes going into the master branch.  You can also avoid pulling any prod support changes from the master branch that might break your new code, until you have had a chance to review and add them ( if needed ).  Then once your feature is tested and approved, you could then work with the team on merging the new feature into the master branch of the software product.


